Xiaona, thank you today.
Don't be so polite to me.
Doctor Xu
Then you still call me Doctor Xu?
Didn't I tell you?
In the future, call me in the early morning
brother
actually
In fact, I fell in love with you the first time I saw you
you
Can you be my girlfriend?
Marry you
early morning
You know my family situation
Mother is seriously ill
I don't have anything to save lives
I don't deserve you at all.
I don't care about that.
I really like you.
Can you give me a chance?
We can try it first
If you don't think it's suitable
I will respect your choice.
OK.
I didn't expect that warmth to be quite means
I thought he was with
Xu Yusheng is just playing
I didn't expect to be together
Brother, why are you looking at me like this?
recently
Do you remember two months ago?
That we met at the Four Seasons?
Yeah. What's wrong?
You said you were celebrating your friend's birthday at the hotel that day
Right.
What room number?